Add namePrefix description for multiple operator installation (#313)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/deploy/pages/deploying-with-operator.adoc

kubectl apply -k .
----

> If you choose two deploy multiple Hazelcast Operators in different namespaces, you will need to update the name of every operator. You can add `namePrefix` field in the `kustomization.yaml` to differentiate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deploy multiple Hazelcast Operators in different namespaces, you need a way to differentiate the name of each operator. For example, you can give each operator's name a prefix by adding the `namePrefix` field to the `kustomization.yaml` file:
```
